Update README.md (#398)
cyberark/conjur-api-python3: README.md

> Are you using this project with [Conjur Open Source](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur)? Then we

Author: Dpn't know been here before

#### Install the SDK

The SDK can be installed via PyPI. Note that the SDK is a **Community** level project meaning that the SDK is subject to
alterations that may result in breaking change.

> To avoid unanticipated breaking changes, make sure that you stay up-to-date on our latest releases and review the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid unanticipated breaking changes, make sure that you stay up to date on our latest releases and always review the
```

project's [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md).

```

> pip3 install conjur

Reviewer: what is the difference between this and the pip3 install in line 85?

Author: This one install conjur from PyPi
line 85 installs it locally from the repo

-  `FileCredentialsProvider` which saves the credentials into `.netrc` file, in plaintext.

We provide the`CredentialStoreFactory` which creates such credential stores.

By default, the `CredentialStoreFactory` favors creating a `KeystoreCredentialsProvider`. If the SDK cannot access the 
operating system's credential store, then `CredentialStoreFactory` will create `FileCredentialsProvider` instead.

If credentials are written to the `.netrc`, we strongly recommend deleting those credentials when not using the
SDK. The `.netrc` file is located in the user's home directory, for example: `/Users/my_username` in macOS 
or `C:\Users\my_username` in Windows

The `.netrc` file or (`_netrc` for Windows environments) contains credentials needed to log in to the Conjur server
and should consist of 'machine', 'login', and 'password'.

```
# .netrc / _netrc
machine https://conjur-myorg.example.com
login admin
password 1234....
```

Note: If you choose to create this file yourself, make sure to follow least privilege rule, allowing only the user who has
created the file to have read/write permissions on it (`chmod 600 .netrc`).

Example of usage:

> - Create credential store:

Reviewer 2: credential`s`

Reviewer: nope

  ```
  credentials_store = CredentialStoreFactory.create_credential_store()
  ```

- Store credentials inside the store
  ```
  credentials = CredentialsData(login=username, password=api_key, machine=conjur_url)
  credentials_store.save(credentials)
  del credentials # After being saved, it's consider best practice to delete credentials from memory after usage
  ```

>   - Note: This step is needed only once! Credential stores provided by the SDK are meant to be persistent and can 

Reviewer 2: required instead of needed

Reviewer: How about "Note: You need to do this only once."

>   - Note: This step is needed only once! Credential stores provided by the SDK are meant to be persistent and can 

Reviewer 2: Credentials

Reviewer: @eranha  per most of the places I've seen around the internet, it's a credential store, not a credentials store.

>     be used multiple times, even if your app crashed or started and stopped multiple times.

Reviewer 2: if your application crashes or restarts

    
#### Step 4. Create the client and use it

Now that you have created `conjurrc_data` and `credentials_provider`,
you can create your client.

```
client = Client(conjurrc_data, credentials_provider=credentials_provider, ssl_verification_mode=ssl_verification_mode)
```

> After you create the client, you can start using it. 

Reviewer 2: After creating the client

Example of usage:

```
client.list() # get list of all Conjur resources that the user is authorized to read`
```

## Supported client methods

#### `get(variable_id)`

> Gets a variable value based on its ID. A variable is binary data that should be decoded to your system's encoding. For

Reviewer 2: The code snippet below demonstrates how to....

approach enables storing the credentials in a safe location, and providing the credentials to the client on demand.

The SDK provide two implementations of `CredentialsStoreInterface`.
1. `KeystoreCredentialsProvider` which saves credentials to the system's credential store (macOS keychain for example)
2. `FileCredentialsProvider` which saves the credentials into `.netrc` file, in plaintext.

We provide the user with `CredentialStoreFactory` which create such Credential stores.

By default, the `CredentialStoreFactory` favors creating a `KeystoreCredentialsProvider`. If the SDK cannot access the 
operating system's credential store, then `CredentialStoreFactory` will create `FileCredentialsProvider` instead

If credentials are written to the `.netrc`, we strongly recommend deleting those credentials when not using the
SDK. The file is located in the user's home directory, for example: `/Users/my_username` in macOS 
or `C:\Users\my_username` in Windows

The `.netrc` file or (`_netrc` for Windows environments) contains credentials needed to log in to the Conjur endpoint
and should consist of 'machine', 'login', and 'password'.

```

> # .netrc / _netrc

Reviewer: @mbenita-Cyberark (@InbalZilberman ) I think the must be an "example" format:
http://conjur-myorg.example.com"
(example.com is a legal usage used for all example urls - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special-use_domain_name)

Reviewer: IMPORTANT ^^^

Author: Done

from conjur.api.client import Client
```

#### Step 1. Define connection parameters

To log in to Conjur, define the following parameters, for example:

```
conjur_url = "https://my_conjur.com"
account = "my_account"
username = "user1"
api_key = "SomeStr@ngPassword!1"
ssl_verification_mode = SslVerificationMode.TRUST_STORE
```

#### Step 2. Define ConjurrcData

ConjurrcData is a data class containing all the 'non-credential' connection details.
```
conjurrc_data = ConjurrcData(conjur_url=conjur_url,account=account,cert_file = None)
```

* conjur_url - URL of the Conjur server
* account - the organizational Conjur account name
* cert_file - a path to the Conjur rootCA file. This is required if you are initializing the client in `SslVerificationMode.SELF_SIGN`
  or `SslVerificationMode.CA_BUNDLE` mode

#### Step 3. Storing credentials

The client uses a credentials provider called `CredentialStores` which inherit from `CredentialsStoreInterface`. This
approach enables storing the credentials in a safe location, and providing the credentials to the client on demand.

We provide the user with `CredentialStoreFactory` which create such Credential stores.

> By default, the `CredentialStoreFactory` favors saving credentials (login ID and password) to the system's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `CredentialStoreFactory` favors creating a 'CredentialStore' that saves credentials (login ID and password) to the system's
```

credential store. If we do not support the detected credential store, or the credential stoe is not accessible, the credentials are
written to a configuration file, `.netrc`, in plaintext.

Example of usage:

> #####First connection to Conjur:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First connection to Conjur:
```

```
credentials = CredentialsData(login=username, password=api_key, machine=conjur_url)

credentials_provider = CredentialStoreFactory.create_credential_store()

credentials_provider.save(credentials)

del credentials
```

Note: The password should be in the form of the api_key.

> ##### Already connected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Already connected:
```

> If a prior connection has been made by the SDK or the CLI with your username and account, then the credentials already

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a prior connection has been made by the SDK or the CLI with your username and account, the credentials are already
```

Reviewer: username and account? What does this mean?

> stored in the credentials store. In that case, we only need to get the credentials store using `CredentialStoreFactory`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stored in the credential store. In that case, we only need to get the credential store using `CredentialStoreFactory`
```

Reviewer: Who is we?
Let's chat to rephrase

```
credentials_provider = CredentialStoreFactory.create_credential_store()
```

> The `.netrc` file or (`_netrc` for Windows environments) contains credentials needed to log in to the Conjur endpoint

Reviewer: we use Conjur Server and Conjue endpoint interchangeably in this doc. If they are the same thing, we should make them the same.
What has come up with the Cloud docs is that Conjur is an endpoint, so if we can already align to "Conjur endpoint" or just "Conjur", that would be best
ie "... to log in to Conjur..."

and should consist of 'machine', 'login', and 'password'.

> If credentials written to the `.netrc`, it is strongly recommended that you delete those credentials when not using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If credentials are written to the `.netrc`, we strongly recommend deleting those credentials when not using the
```

> SDK. The file is located at the user home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK. The file is located in the user home directory.
```

Reviewer: what is the "user home directory" - can you give an example?

To start using the SDK in your applications, create a Client instance and then invoke the API on it:

> #### Define connection parameters

Reviewer: is this step 1 of the process of creating a client instance and invoking the API?

Author: yep

> In order to login to conjur you need to have 5 parameters known from advance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log in to Conjur, you need the following information:
```

> ```

Reviewer: this is just a list of what the need, shouldn't include values - just a table with paraneter and what it is
for example
| Parameter | Description |
|---|---|
| conjur_url | The Conjur URL, for example http://mrorg.example.com |

Reviewer: and so on

Reviewer: how do you left-align a column heading?

Reviewer: Alternaivelt, say "To log in to Conjur, define the following parameters, for example:

conjur_url = "https://my_conjur.com"
account = "my_account"
username = "user1"
password = "SomeStr@ngPassword!1"

> ssl_verification_mode = SslVerificationMode.TRUST_STORE

Reviewer: how will they know what to put into this one? is it user defined? where will they get this from? The others are obvious. But is this one?

Author: We explain it later

```

> #### Define ConjurrcData

Reviewer: is this step 2?

Author: yep

> ConjurrcData is a data class containing all the non-credentials connection details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ConjurrcData is a data class containing all the 'non-credential' connection details.
```

> `connection_info = ConjurrcData(conjur_url=conjur_url,account=account,cert_file = None)`

Reviewer: Is this hard code, or should they change conjur_url=_<conjur_url>_, etc?

> * conjur_url - url of conjur server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* conjur_url - URL of the Conjur server
```

> * account - the account which we want to connect to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* account - the organizational Conjur account name

> * cert_file - a path to conjur rootCA file. we need it if we initialize the client in `SslVerificationMode.SELF_SIGN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* cert_file - a path to the Conjur rootCA file. This is required if you are initializing the client in `SslVerificationMode.SELF_SIGN`
```

Reviewer: not sure if "in" is the right word ... depends on the meaning of the sentence

  or `SslVerificationMode.CA_BUNDLE` mode

#### Storing credentials

> The client uses credentials provider called `CredentialStores` which inherit from `CredentialsStoreInterface`. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client uses a credentials provider called `CredentialStores` which it inherits from `CredentialsStoreInterface`. This
```

Author: CredentialStores inherit from CredentialsStoreInterface.
meaning it inherit all of it properties and interface

> approach allow to keep the credentials in a safe location and provide it to the client on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
approach enables storing the credentials in a safe location, and providing the credentials to the client on demand.
```

> We provide the user with `CredentialStoreFactory` which create such Credential stores.

Reviewer: who is "the user"? What are we staing here?

Author: The user is the reader of the document

Reviewer: The SDK's `CredentialStoreFactory` creates such credential stores.

> By default, the `CredentialStoreFactory` will favor saving credentials (login ID and password) to the system's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `CredentialStoreFactory` favors saving credentials (login ID and password) to the system's
```

> credential store. If the detected credential store is not one we support or is not accessible, the credentials will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credential store. If we do not support the detected credential store, or the credential stoe is not accessible, the credentials are
```

written to a configuration file, `.netrc`, in plaintext.

> Example of usage:

Reviewer: is this an example of "Storing credentials"?

Author: yep

> ##### In case of first connection to conjur

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#####First connection to Conjur:
```

```
credentials = CredentialsData(login=username, password=api_key, machine=conjur_url)

credentials_provider = CredentialStoreFactory.create_credential_store()

credentials_provider.save(credentials)

del credentials
```

> Note: The password should be in the form of the api_key.

Reviewer: what does this mean?

Reviewer: Do you mean " The password is the api_key, for example 12345jhgdkfhgkh5345h4ifyaife4p9hwg?

Author: yep

Reviewer: So then 
```suggestion
Note: The password is the api_key, for example ....(@mbenita-Cyberark  give a dummy example of an api key)
```

> ##### In case connection already has been done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Already connected:
```

```
credentials_provider = CredentialStoreFactory.create_credential_store()
```

> Note: The credentials already store in the system key store or inside the `.netrc` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The credentials are already stored in the system key store or inside the `.netrc` file.
```

> If written to the `.netrc`, it is strongly recommended that you delete those credentials when not using the SDK. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the credentials are qritten to `.netrc`, we strongly recommend deleting those credentials when the SDK is not in use. The
```

> file is located at the user home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file is located in the user's home directory.
```

The `.netrc` file or (`_netrc` for Windows environments) contains credentials needed to log in to the Conjur endpoint
and should consist of 'machine', 'login', and 'password'.

> Note that if you choose to create this file yourself, ensure you follow least privilege, allowing only the user who has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you choose to create this file yourself, make sure to follow least privilege, allowing only the user who has
```

password 1234....
```

#### Creating the client and use it

> Now that we have created `connection_info` and `credentials_provider`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have created `connection_info` and `credentials_provider`,
```

> We can create our client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can create your client.
```

```
client = Client(connection_info, credentials_provider=credentials_provider, ssl_verification_mode=ssl_verification_mode)
```

> * ssl_verification_mode = `SslVerificationMode` enum that states what is the certificate verification technique we will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ssl_verification_mode = `SslVerificationMode` enum that states which certificate verification technique to 
```

>   use when making the api request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  use when making the API request.
```

> After creating the client we can login to conjur and start using it. Example of usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create the client, you can log in to Conjur and start using it. 
Example of usage:
```

```

> client.list() # get list of all conjur resources that the user authorize to read`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.list() # get list of all Conjur resources that the user is authorized to read`
```

```

## Supported Client methods

#### `get(variable_id)`

> Gets a variable value based on its ID. Variable is binary data that should be decoded to your system's encoding. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets a variable value based on its ID. A variable is binary data that should be decoded to your system's encoding. For
```

password 1234....
```

Note: If you choose to create this file yourself, make sure to follow least privilege rule, allowing only the user who has
created the file to have read/write permissions on it (`chmod 600 .netrc`).

Example of usage:

- Create credential store:
  ```
  credentials_store = CredentialStoreFactory.create_credential_store()
  ```

- Store credentials inside the store
  ```
  credentials = CredentialsData(login=username, password=api_key, machine=conjur_url)
  credentials_store.save(credentials)
  del credentials # After being saved, it's consider best practice to delete credentials from memory after usage
  ```
  - Note: This step is needed only once! Credential stores provided by the SDK are meant to be persistent and can 

>     be used multiple time even if your app was crashed / started and stopped multiple times    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    be used multiple times, even if your app crashed or started and stopped multiple times.
```

> #### Step 4. Creating the client and use it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step 4. Create the client and use it
```

> Now that you have created `conjurrc_data` and `credentials_provider`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have created `conjurrc_data` and `credentials_provider`,
```

password 1234....
```

#### Step 4. Creating the client and use it

> Now that we have created `conjurrc_data` and `credentials_provider`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have created `conjurrc_data` and `credentials_provider`
```
The whole document is in second person.... we need to keep it in second person

you can create your client.

```
client = Client(conjurrc_data, credentials_provider=credentials_provider, ssl_verification_mode=ssl_verification_mode)
```

> * ssl_verification_mode = `SslVerificationMode` enum that states which certificate verification technique to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ssl_verification_mode = `SslVerificationMode`. This is an enum that states which certificate verification technique to 
```

  use when making the API request.

After you create the client, you can start using it. 

Example of usage:

```
client.list() # get list of all Conjur resources that the user is authorized to read`
```

> ## Supported Client methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported client methods
```

## License

> This project is [licensed under Apache License v2.0](LICENSE.md). Copyright (c) 2021 CyberArk Software Ltd. All rights

Reviewer 3: I believe we need to move to 2022

Author: Done
